# Crypto.com Chain library for Node.js

This repository contains the Node.js library for interacting with Crypto.com Chain.

## Warning

Crypto.com Chain and this library is currently in the alpha development phase and subjects to changes. Before proceeding, please be aware of the following:

-   This library is not production-ready, do not use in production systems.

-   Do not transfer any ERC20 tokens to addresses generated by this sample code as it can cause loss of funds.

-   Crypto.com is not liable for any potential damage, loss of data/files arising from the use of the library.

## Installation

### Build manually

1. Clone this repository to your project
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-nodelib 
    ```

1. Install and build `chain-nodelib`
    ```bash
    cd chain-node-lib
    npm install
    npm build
    ```

1. Add chain-nodelib to your `package.json`
    ```json
    {
        ...
        "dependencies": {
            "@cryptocom/chain-nodelib": "file:./chain-nodelib",
        }
    }
    ```

### NPM

Right now the library has not been published to NPM yet. It will be available once a publishable version is ready.

## Examples

An example is worth a thousand words, we provide code examples of different use cases below.

If you couldn't find an example for your use case, please [open an issue](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-nodelib/issues/new) and tell us.

#### Address
- [Generate random transfer address](integration-tests/address.spec.ts#L6)
- [Create transfer address from private/public key](integration-tests/address.spec.ts#L17)
- [Generate random staking address](integration-tests/address.spec.ts#L55)
- [Create staking address from private/public key](integration-tests/address.spec.ts#L65)

#### View Key
- [Generate random view key](integration-tests/viewKey.spec.ts#L8)

#### Transaction
- [Create transfer transaction](integration-tests/transaction/transfer.spec.ts#L29)

#### Staking and Council Node
- [Create deposit transaction](integration-tests/transaction/staking.spec.ts#L60)
- [Create unbond transaction](integration-tests/transaction/staking.spec.ts#L101)
- [Create withdraw staked transaction](integration-tests/transaction/staking.spec.ts#L130)
- [Create node-join transaction](integration-tests/transaction/council_node.spec.ts#L100)
- [Create unjail transaction](lib/src/transaction/council_node/unjail_transaction.spec.ts#148)

#### HD Wallet

- [Generate mnemonic words](integration-tests/hdwallet.spec.ts#L8)
- [Restore from mnemonic words and create addresses and view key at bip39 path](integration-tests/hdwallet.spec.ts#L14)
- [Create addresses and view key at Crypto.com chain default bip44 path](integration-tests/hdwallet.spec.ts#L59)
- [create at particular path with format argument](integration-tests/hdwallet.spec.ts#L119)
- [Spend UTXO of transfer address generated with HD wallet](integration-tests/transaction/transfer.spec.ts#L173)

## Browser support

Right now the library does not support Browser.

## License

[Apache 2.0](./LICENSE)
